Doc/pgd/update/pgdcliinstallation52 (#4601)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/cli/configuring_cli.mdx

navTitle: "Configuring PGD CLI"
---

> PGD CLI can be installed on any system which is able to connect to the PGD cluster. You will require a user with PGD superuser privileges - the [bdr_superuser role](../security - or equivalent (e.g. edb_admin on BigAnimal distributed high-availability) to use PGD CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PGD CLI can be installed on any system which is able to connect to the PGD cluster. You will require a user with PGD superuser privileges - the [bdr_superuser role](../security) - or equivalent (for example, edb_admin on BigAnimal distributed high-availability) to use PGD CLI.
```
